Chore: update the latest version to 1.4.3 (#769)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/how-to/dashboard/config/image-registry.md

## Create an image registry

> In `Image Registry` page, let's create a private image registry with some required information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `Image Registry` page, let's create a private image registry with the following fields:
```

* Registry

> Your registry domain, such as `index.docker.io`. Please make sure this domain could be accessed from all cluster nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your image registry domain, such as `index.docker.io`. Please make sure this domain could be accessed from all cluster nodes.
```

* Insecure

> If your registry server uses the self-signed certificate, you should enable this field. This only means KubeVela could trust your registry. You also need to make sure the `dockerd` or `containerd` in your cluster node trust this registry. refer to: [Test an insecure registry with docker](https://docs.docker.com/registry/insecure/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your registry server uses the self-signed certificate, you should enable this field. This only means KubeVela could trust your registry. You also need to make sure the `dockerd` or `containerd` in your cluster node trust this registry. refer to: [Test an insecure registry with docker](https://docs.docker.com/registry/insecure/).
```

* UseHTTP

> If your registry with the HTTP protocol to provide the service, you should enable this field. You also need to make sure the `dockerd` or `containerd` in your cluster node trust this registry. refer to: [Test an insecure registry with docker](https://docs.docker.com/registry/insecure/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your registry with the HTTP protocol to provide the service, you should enable this field. You also need to make sure the `dockerd` or `containerd` in your cluster node trust this registry. refer to: [Test an insecure registry with docker](https://docs.docker.com/registry/insecure/).
```

* Auth

If your registry needs authentication, you need must set the username and password. KubeVela will generate the secret and distribute it to all clusters.

![config](https://static.kubevela.net/images/1.4/create-image-registry.jpg)

## How to use the image registry

> Let's follow the [Deploy Container Image](../../../tutorials/webservice.md) to create an application. After you input the image name, KubeVela will automatically identify the matched registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's follow the [Deploy Container Image](../../../tutorials/webservice) to create an application. After you input the image name, KubeVela will automatically identify the matched registries.
```
